README.md, before:

# Storey

Storey is used to manage multiple schemas in your multi-tenant Rails application.

Heavily inspired by the Apartment gem, Storey simplifies the implementation of managing a multi-tenant application. This simplifies things by doing away with the other implementations that Apartment has - like MysqlAdapter and managing multiple databases (instead of managing multiple schemas) which complicated development and testing.

# Configuration

Typically set in an initializer: config/initializer/storey.rb

    # Defines the tables that should stay available to all (ie in the public schema)
    # Note that there's currently no way to exclude tables that aren't linked to models
    # If you have any ideas on how to do this I'm open to suggestions
    Storey.excluded_models = %w(User Company Role Permission)

    # If set, all schemas are created with the suffix.
    # Used for obscuring the schema name - which is important when performing schema duplication.
    # Storey.suffix = "_suffix"

    # Defines schemas that should always stay in the search path, apart from the one you switched to.
    # Storey.persistent_schemas = %w(hstore)

# Methods

## schemas

Returns all schemas except postgres' schemas.

Accepts options:

    :exclude_public => true

Usage:

    Storey.schemas
    Storey.schemas(:exclude_public => true)

## create

Accepts:

    String - name of schema

Usage:

    Storey.create "schema_name"

## drop

Accepts

    String - name of schema

Usage:

    Storey.drop "schema_name"

## switch

Accepts

    String - optional - schema name
    Block - optional

If a block is passed, Storey will execute the block in the specified schema name. Then, it will switch back to the schema it was previously in.

Usage:

    Storey.switch "some_other_schema"
    Post.create "My new post"
    Storey.switch # switch back to the original schema

    Storey.switch "some_other_schema" do
      Post.create "My new post"
    end

## duplicate!(origin, copy)

Accepts

    origin - name of old schema to copy
    copy - name of new schema

Copies a schema with all data under a new name. Best used in conjunction with `Storey.suffix` set.

Usage:

    Storey.duplicate!("original_schema", "new_schema")

# Rake tasks

## storey:hstore:install

Run `rake storey:hstore:install` to install hstore extension into the hstore schema. Ensure that 'hstore' is one of the persistent schemas.

Commit message:

Create Storey#default_schema? method finish #17

README.md, after:

# Storey

Storey is used to manage multiple schemas in your multi-tenant Rails application.

Heavily inspired by the Apartment gem, Storey simplifies the implementation of managing a multi-tenant application. This simplifies things by doing away with the other implementations that Apartment has - like MysqlAdapter and managing multiple databases (instead of managing multiple schemas) which complicated development and testing.

# Configuration

Typically set in an initializer: config/initializer/storey.rb

    # Defines the tables that should stay available to all (ie in the public schema)
    # Note that there's currently no way to exclude tables that aren't linked to models
    # If you have any ideas on how to do this I'm open to suggestions
    Storey.excluded_models = %w(User Company Role Permission)

    # If set, all schemas are created with the suffix.
    # Used for obscuring the schema name - which is important when performing schema duplication.
    # Storey.suffix = "_suffix"

    # Defines schemas that should always stay in the search path, apart from the one you switched to.
    # Storey.persistent_schemas = %w(hstore)

# Methods

## schemas

Returns all schemas except postgres' schemas.

Accepts options:

    :exclude_public => true

Usage:

    Storey.schemas
    Storey.schemas(:exclude_public => true)

## default_schema?

Returns true if the current schema is the default schema. Returns false otherwise. Useful for running migrations only for the public schema.

Usage:

    Storey.default_schema?

## create

Accepts:

    String - name of schema

Usage:

    Storey.create "schema_name"

## drop

Accepts

    String - name of schema

Usage:

    Storey.drop "schema_name"

## switch

Accepts

    String - optional - schema name
    Block - optional

If a block is passed, Storey will execute the block in the specified schema name. Then, it will switch back to the schema it was previously in.

Usage:

    Storey.switch "some_other_schema"
    Post.create "My new post"
    Storey.switch # switch back to the original schema

    Storey.switch "some_other_schema" do
      Post.create "My new post"
    end

## duplicate!(origin, copy)

Accepts

    origin - name of old schema to copy
    copy - name of new schema

Copies a schema with all data under a new name. Best used in conjunction with `Storey.suffix` set.

Usage:

    Storey.duplicate!("original_schema", "new_schema")

# Rake tasks

## storey:hstore:install

Run `rake storey:hstore:install` to install hstore extension into the hstore schema. Ensure that 'hstore' is one of the persistent schemas.
